Question 1.
-----------

Given two strings s and t, determine whether some anagram of
t is a substring of s. For example: if s = “udacity” and t = “ad”,
then the function returns True.

Answer:
-------

At first, I wrote a brute-force solution, that would generate all permutations
of t (using itertools.permutations), and check if they can be found in s. But
afterwards I looked it up, and found out some better ways to do it. The
brute-force complexity is O(n * m^2). I implemented an O(n) solution as
follows:

1. Calculate a hashtable of frequencies of all letters in t. If t is "ud", it is:
   {'u': 1, 'd': 1}. Complexity of this operation is O(1) because it is a
   fixed-length table.
2. Calculate the similar hashtable for the first N letters of string s.
3. Compare two hashtables, which is also O(1).
4. If they are the same, we found anagram of t in s.
5. If they are not the same, advance the window 1 character forward and update
   counts in current "window" hashtable accordingly.
6. repeat until the end of string s.

This is a modification of the Rabin-Karp algorithm that does string search.

Question 2.
-----------

Given a string a, find the longest palindromic substring contained in a.

Answer:
-------

I thought of two ways of doing this.

1. For each substring of string a, check if it's palindromic. If it is, keep track
   of the longest one in a variable. Complexity is O(n^3).
2. Check every position in a word around which palindrome can be centered.
   Position can be at a letter for even length palindrome, or between the letters
   for odd length one. That's (N * 2 + 1) positions. At each position, have 2
   pointers, one moving left and two moving right, as long as letters at left and
   right pointers match. Once they stop matching, we found longest palindrome for
   this position. Complexity is O(n^2). This is the solution I implemented.

The O(n) solution does exist and it's called Manacher's algorithm. It's more tricky
though, and I don't think I would be able to reproduce it in an actual interview.

Question 3.
-----------

Given an undirected graph G, find the minimum spanning tree within G.
A minimum spanning tree connects all vertices in a graph with the smallest
possible total weight of edges. Your function should take in and return
an adjacency list structured like this:

{
    'A': [('B', 2)],
    'B': [('A', 2), ('C', 5)],
    'C': [('B',5)]
}

Vertices are represented as unique strings.

Answer:
-------

There are a few algorithms to choose from for building MSTs. Two of the well-known
ones are Prim's and Kruskal's.

Kruskal's algorithm will grow a solution from the cheapest edge by adding the
next cheapest edge, provided that it doesn't create a cycle.

Prim's algorithm will grow a solution from a random vertex by adding the next
cheapest vertex, the vertex that is not currently in the solution but connected
to it by the cheapest edge.

They are both greedy algorithms. Prim's algorithm is more efficient on graphs
with a lot of edges because it has complexity O(E+V lgV) vs Kruskal's O(E logV)
Kruskal's is simpler to code. I would be more likely to code Kruskal's
successfully in an interview, so I chose that.

Question 4.
-----------

Find the least common ancestor between two nodes on a binary search tree.
The least common ancestor is the farthest node from the root that is an
ancestor of both nodes. For example, the root is a common ancestor of
all nodes on the tree, but if both nodes are descendants of the root's
left child, then that left child might be the lowest common ancestor.

Answer:
-------

This is a recursive algorithm that I implemented as "lca" method
in a BST class. We start with a root node. For every node that we look at,
if node's value is bigger than both n1 and n2, then they are both
to the left of the node and we should look further in the left subtree.
If node's value is smaller than n1 and n2, then n1 and n2 are on the
right and we recurse into the right subtree. Otherwise current node is
LCA.

Question 5.
-----------

Find the element in a singly linked list that's m elements from the end.
For example, if a linked list has 5 elements, the 3rd element from the end is
the 3rd element.

Answer:
-------

For this question, I used the provided Node class that has "data" and "next"
fields. I also added a helper method "" that creates a linked list from the
list of values, and returns a head node.

I use two pointers. First, both "fast" and "slow" point to the head node. Then
"fast" pointer walks m - 1 steps forward. After that, fast and slow pointer
start moving forward together, one step at a time. When fast pointer is at the
end of the list, it means that slow pointer is pointing at m-th element
from the end. I used m - 1 and not m because in a list such as 1-2-3, 1 and 3
are two steps apart, but 1 is 3rd node from the end.

Test cases.
-----------

I didn't like the suggested solution to print out the outputs and provide expected
answers as comments. This approach requires whever evaluates the code to run the
code, read through the output, and compare the output to the comments. This is slow
and error-prone. Instead, I used assert statements to compare expected and actual
outputs. If everything is as expected, the program will print "QX: OK" for every
question number X. If not, there will be an exception. Because this submission
is not to evaluate best Python coding practices, I did not introduce any testing
frameworks, such as nosetests, py.test, etc.
